docs: improve installation (#6324)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/installing_composer.rst

    > composer create-project codeigniter4/appstarter --no-dev

Initial Configuration
---------------------

> After installation, a few initial configuration is required.
> See :ref:`initial-configuration` for the detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, a few initial configurations are required.
See :ref:`initial-configuration` for the details. 
```

You will have to adjust the system path to refer to the vendor one, e.g., ``ROOTPATH . '/vendor/codeigniter4/framework/system'``,
- the ``$systemDirectory`` variable in **app/Config/Paths.php**

Initial Configuration
---------------------

> A few initial configuration is required.
> See :ref:`initial-configuration` for the detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few initial configurations are required.
See :ref:`initial-configuration` for the details.
```
